Do not continue to the next steps until your IBM Technology Zone (ITZ) reservation for the IBM Cloud Security and Compliance Center (SCC) environment is in the **Ready** state, you have accepted the invitation to join the {{itz.CloudAccount}} ITZ account, and you have switched to the {{itz.CloudAccount}} in the IBM Cloud Portal.

In the next chapter of the demonstration guide, step-by-step instructions are provided along with talking points that can be used when delivering a client demonstration of SCC. While this demonstration guide is general in nature and not specific to a single client or industry, consider customizing it to a client you are currently working with or plan to work with in the future. Do this by addressing either a client specific pain point or a specific industry regulation that SCC covers (e.g. financial services).

Everything demonstrated in the next chapter can be accomplished using the ITZ environment provisioned earlier. To avoid charges to your IBM Cloud account, make sure you switch accounts in the IBM Cloud portal as described in the previous section.

**Several parts of the demonstration script have you stop before clicking a "create" or "submit" button. This "baking-show" approach to demonstrating SCC is used to allow all participants in this learning plan use the same environment, minimize cost, and avoid lengthy provisioning times of resources. In the demonstration flow that follows, these steps are prefaced with *explore* versus *create* or similar verbs. If you do click "create" or "submit" you will receive an error stating you do not have permissions to perform that action.**

One not very well documented "feature" of IBM Cloud Security and Compliance Center is that the results of a scan are cached for an hour. If a second scan for an attachment is performed within the hour after another scan has completed, the 2nd scan is not performed and the results from the previous scan are used. Read more <a href="https://cloud.ibm.com/docs/security-compliance?topic=security-compliance-ts-cache&interface=ui" target="_blank">here</a>. Note: a support ticket has been opened asking this information be moved to a main section of the SCC documentation. In general, this is not an issue when deployed in a production environment, however it does cause some challenges when demonstrating how the results change when a detected compliance issue is remediated.